in the Kostroma residents of the emergency house in
literally and figuratively cannot
leave the waiting room building in the past there
the station was located is a monument
nineteenth century architecture
but optimism to the residents does not add a house
may collapse at any time
officials nod at each other since
no one wants to take emergency structures
to the balance of service
hostage situation 90
everyone hasn't been traveling for a long time
railway branch station
Kostroma dismantled immediately after the war
empty station buildings have adapted
for apartments for families of railway workers
19th century architectural monument became residential
home alone got tea
waiting and concert tickets michael
turner chinese restaurant
the hosts added he
This data for the country such
it's so simple an hour and a half so
what is this some sort of order
so I think we are however just
Oscar royal ride all this
is it all
On the whole, Kazan on May 10, at Abramov, together
I also recalled 22 years
baptism was not prescribed for a long time
the station building was already emergency
Today apartment tenants are more like
on miscalculations sometimes and help them in response
manu del monaco elevated
trauma you will never
Mooring pensioner Baba Nina
lives more than fifty years in 17 years
she was given a room for a lot of crib here
this time agility is badly dilapidated
peak beams threaten any moment
caving in approach is not just one desperation
on tuesday appliances
such a station has become
dead end solving the problem here neither
lodgers hem so old that his
no one takes care
Management Company
idea for the resettlement of people of power to find them
can not not so smooth
Russian legislation is not so
smooth
and fight
ha Donetsk turn out
hostages here are these situations
1904 Kama level until the results are not
have brought
The answer is always one. Suffer money.
no train station residents say that they still
may suffer but the building itself without
repair will not last long another year and
monument of architecture can be crossed out
from the list of sights
Kostroma elena muhina people habits
Kostroma children